I keep cracking - Kim - I'm making a
seven with your breasts I see you in
then why I've sent you a new gonna need
your coat
everybody's so mad at the shout for
changes down switch the South Pole Jada
I was listening in so I made a my hands
under make some dividend little my my
jaw hit me with this shoulder lean this
kick you checking that control the team
couple bricks stacked on that trip will
be my 30 rows sippin that bro man fuzzy
ganja green that Callie we a liquid
Luthor's life chai roll on me yep yeah
we did it no it feels about it in a ring
key falling even winners got it
mommies bodies layin she got it bitch
she does it all
she gets it poppin with no here's I make
it Paul I make green on them cuz I'm
playing game to all I'm guessing this is
attached to my name on gotta keep that
baby love gotta get my paper
oh except you can see crap get when I
read on does did you know what it is it
is comparing kids and we know how to
fish so we don't give a shit
Kalka CX Monica